Okay, we are live. Good morning, folks.
We got some work to do today.
Move this chat where I can see it.
All right. So,
main thing we have to look at today is
constellation. All right,
we have some stuff that looks mostly
correct.
Um, but a few things are like weird and
off with it. It looks quite cool, but
there are a few things that are sort of
weird and off.
So, let's see what we're going to do
about this. Put this here.
Put this here.
out of this. Close out of this.
Hey, Pepe. Welcome.
No space left on device. Lovely. So,
this thing is saving massive, massive
logs still for some reason. We will have
to figure that out. Oh, I know what's
happening with that. Okay, cool. Um,
this says subprocess 405
The other one is fine, right? Yeah, this
experiment puffer. This is fun.
Um, is this thing still doing this?
Well, I guess it's 500 to 400 gigs,
right?
We need to not save check like this is
literally just what happens if you're
saving checkpoints of um tiny models
every like 200 epochs. So that kind of
tells you the amount of data we process.
Robotics we'll use primarily RL.
Uh robotics we'll use RL for low-level
control more than highle stuff.
And like the idea of having so skilled
trade label labor is like a humanoid
robotics thing. The idea that we're
going to have humanoid robots doing the
exact stuff that people does now is just
[ __ ] stupid.
It's like the dumbest possible sci-fi
like you could come up with.
Yeah, in the long term, you're going to
end up with just specialized robots. I
think you're going to end up with um
you're just going to have it be
dramatically easier to produce
specialized robots that are actually
efficient for specific tasks.
And yes, they will be trained. But
I'm really not that excited about um
humanoid robotics. I think it's like the
stupid future.
studied why PPO uses LSTMs.
The new version of Popper uses um this
new mining group architecture which is
pretty cool
though it's the same exact reasoning
behind LSTMs. It's just faster.
We put in the effort to come up with a
new architecture.
Do this.
Why is puffer called puffer?
The fish right there. You see him? He
puffs.
I like pomegran juice. Well, I like
poppers.
Oh, look at that. Holy.
Yo, we win. Yeah, we we giga win this.
This is great. This is an awesome
result.
This log scaled.
Yeah. So, we get 97 and 1,000 seconds.
15 minutes.
Perfect.
Interception useful.
Yeah, there's definitely defense tech
application for RL.
All right. And then if I click this
though, I think I think if I do this
Yeah. So the params are not printing at
all correctly.
I figure this out as well,
right? Because yeah, these don't make
any sense.
This can't be hidden. This can't
possibly be learning, right?
Okay, cool.
Uh, let's just do real quick.
Let's just grab
I think we can get 2048 in here as well,
right?
Okay, so this is four megs of data for
10k points.
I think that's pretty compact. Uh 9k
points. Still pretty compact, right?
can probably get it even lower with zip
or whatever.
Sam turn his drone down. Oh yeah, they
have uh they've got cool stuff. We're
bringing uh Finn is coming on for the
summer as well.
Turn. I actually didn't know Finn was. I
thought Wait, Sammon Turner.
Sammon Finn.
I thought his actual name was Finn.
All right, cool. So, let's figure out
what the heck is going on here.
What kind of sorcery must I learn to
land? We don't have open positions. I
mean, it was specifically that Finn and
Sam, like they submitted me the best
damn NPR ever. it was a full drone in um
we actually have an active contract
that's sort of based on some of that
work now from that. So like yeah I
couldn't say no.
He also told me what UK um universities
pay their uh their summer researchers
and I was like, "What the fuck?" All
right, let's like just triple that. And
that's still not even what you should be
making in the US.
So, I'm in a position to be able to do
that. And he is in a position to produce
some awesome work. It's quite easy.
I don't know. I have honestly I have
been thinking about whether I want to
get an intern or to do um
the thing is I just don't know if it's
going to be the one environment I really
really want to have done is like a
fullon port of uh Runescape private
server uh to really efficient C. The
problem with that is one I haven't
looked at the legals uh the legal aspect
of that. Um, two is porting that stuff.
Like all that code is so crap. It's
going to be heavily AI and
like you need to not make a mess of it.
Um, and the AI by default will make a
mess of it. And like it's not useful if
the resulting product is a mess. And
like three, I actually haven't fully
looked into enough how difficult of a
project it's going to be because I've
seen some implementations of similar
things. And the code is just so so
incredibly bad that like I actually
don't even know what level of person it
would take to not make a mess of it,
right? I don't even know if this is a
reasonable intern thing. Cup was nearly
the same size of your head. Yeah, I
know. I've been working on trying to
find a bigger one.
Can Puffer run Doom? Yeah, there's um I
made a I had a binding for that at one
point. You can get it to like I think
200,000 frames per second or something
like that.
I mean, I didn't do very much with that.
All I did is I found that there was an
unused setting in Doom for potato
resolution. I have honestly no idea why
that setting even exists, but there was
a super tiny resolution setting.
You can make it work pretty decently on
that.
What do you look for to determine a good
curve? What do you mean a good curve?
do on a potato. Well, it's very well
optimized. CarMax's kind of uh kind of
the goat, you know.
Okay. Well, this hidden size is totally
[ __ ] up, right?
Oh, I bet I know what I did.
I forget if my lowest was like an SL90
or an SL70. I think I did do an SL70 uh
full playthrough
of three of uh Dark Souls II. It was my
favorite.
The first game is quite easy and the
only places it like is not easy are the
places where it's kind of janky.
Ignoring my DMs on Discord.
Jess should be here in chat now.
Let me go check the uh the earlier
version of this to see how I did this
before.
So, did Microsoft just buy GitHub and
then [ __ ] break it? Is that what I'm
seeing is going on here? Because I keep
getting rate limited with normal browser
requests lately.
access the branch. There you go.
Yeah, none of the chest dev is private.
Generally, the only dev and puffer that
is private, like we don't even do
private dev branches for like new
releases and stuff. The only stuff
that's private is client work.
Too many people starring the GitHub.
Please star the GitHub.
Star the puffer on GitHub. It really
does help us out a lot. As you can see,
we've taken this little dip right here
because I have not been promoting it.
So, like my reward for having uh this
like curve up of it not keeping the
exponential is because I've been working
super hard on building Puffer 4 instead
of promoting it. So, if y'all could just
star this real quick and I can get back
to spending my time building it rather
than yapping about it, that'd be
awesome.
It really really does help us out a lot.
like that growth is mostly know a lot of
clients and stuff come from there and um
that is how we fund all of this
What the heck? Why do I have all these
notifications?
Uh, I think we can't we can't use those
textures.
Somebody's done Mario Kart Plus Puffer.
That's cool.
All right. Uh, we were going to go look.
Yes, this is what I was going to do. So,
Yes. Um Spencer, we can do Yeah, we will
be able to do a work session later
today. I'm just fixing up
constellation which is
look at the grid ends. Our benchmarks
are going well.
The maze end is solid 0.98.
Very nice curve.
So that's uh I think that is now all but
one of our major environments that we
need because we got 2048, we got this,
we got our breakout. The only thing that
we need to still do I think is um the
neural MMO one which will be a little
tougher but it'll be for this coming
week.
The gym in the background uh Helix, I
will be back there in a week or two
actually. I miss the uh the gym as well.
I've been getting fat. I got to get
myself in shape.
Two Eastern sounds good. Spencer,
we get better chest war variant
without perfect information.
You could just pick a game that's
imperfect information, Jess.
There are lots of them.
Uh, right. Do I want to actually do it
this way?
Uh, I think we probably don't need to do
this yet. Yeah, this will distract me.
Okay.
X pay less in revenue right now. Well, I
haven't been posting stuff, so
Kind of want these data points though,
don't I?
Okay, let's just do um zip
Can I not type my password? What the
heck?
does it have? Oh, how did they add this
garbage?
Okay,
let's just do uh this one's done.
And now we should have three
environments worth of logs to play
around with. Yes.
Just stick this on in the background
here. Not bad.
All
I do wonder what this log has uh has
done here. We'll figure this out.
These are pretty minor patches though.
4.7 version post the release. That'd be
pretty funny, wouldn't it? If we just
like do one version above whatever the
language models are, but no, they'll
just be a puffer five.
Okay, look at this. We got all our
experiments. They're super nice.
This does not have custom down sample,
right?
No custom down sample.
Okay, a few of these are just like
ridiculous. This is why
What the hell happened here?
You see that we have like one file
that's gigantic.
Oh, that's got to be why um
that explains the uh like streaks as
well.
I think I just made some [ __ ] up.
Let's see.
Jess, we have to go back to the more
painful stuff as soon as we finish this.
intercepts equals zero. I doubt this is
the case.
Let's see.
Yeah, it underflows.
Well, there's your problem.
The actual problem is underflow.
So, it just completely [ __ ] made
something up.
Completely made something up.
useless.
I don't know why the [ __ ] we bother like
doing [ __ ] for 32 bits. Long is fine.
model could reason. Oh, it's not
intrinsic to neural nets.
It's intrinsic to the training behavior.
not NLP. Yeah, I think the NLP way is
like let's have a bunch of GPTs [ __ ]
talking to each other. It's just laring.
I don't know, man. I mostly just ignore
dumb [ __ ] these days cuz it's just like
how the [ __ ] could you be this stupid?
It's like oh wait you're not stupid. You
want funding and the feces are stupid.
Great.
Don't care.
Do not care.
Oh, much better.
Much much better. Look at this
red
48.
Lovely.
Yep.
48.
How fast can you get grid on 40?
Well, it depends if you go by SPS,
right? So, we can go um we can go up
times four.
Is SPS in here? I don't think it is.
Here we can do agent steps
uh versus time.
Can't tell if it's 1 million or 10
million. I should just add SPS to this.
just we can run grid as fast as we damn
well please. Um it's just a question of
whether the optimal networks are fast,
right? Because the optimal nets are
quite big.
I'll get it into constellation though by
later today hopefully. I do have to do
some client work with Spencer.
because it shouldn't be logging at all,
right?
They're bad.
application of RL studying effective
drugs on cancer cells. Anish bio is my
top app sort. Like that's my top
application for RL. I honestly have no
idea how yet other than just I know they
use Sim and I know they use Sim in a way
that's really weak and dumb. So we can
probably make that a heck of a lot
better. RL's got to actually be good
first and then we'll think about it.
All right,
this is now fine.
Why this is
How can the file exist but be empty?
Make dur
Oh, I do wonder if there's there might
be a naming conflict.
Yeah. Nish. It's pretty pretty fun some
like hyper sim So,
This is dumb.
That's not a fix.
What's run ID?
1,00 times time dot time.
That's probably fine, right?
All right. So, next thing is going to be
making sure we're actually exporting all
the metrics we want.
Yeah, let's do that.
Yeah, horizon.
We need to sweep this.
What is this?
Oh, wait. It's a constellation load
error.
Hang on.
Dude, what is wrong with Google? Like
what the like why am I getting like
authentication crap on a Google search?
Is it cuz Claude's making dumb [ __ ]
requests? It shouldn't be.
Russian.
Yeah, Eastern Europe's pretty good.
You know, in Soviet Russia, you use bare
hands for fight bear. Here's why it's
called bare hands. This is for the
vault is the uh
doing some RSNs.
Quick update for you.
I would like to figure out uh that
Inferno end. I've just so much stuff
done on freaking to finish on Puffer 4
first.
All right. Okay. So, we were going to
look uh was it see print
the sn
percent.5. This is in Python, you [ __ ]
Oh, wait. No, it isn't. Wait, what?
Oh, I didn't I I honestly didn't even
know you can do that. Wait,
that a pure?
Yeah, I never finished it. It's my uh 50
attack.
I left it just shy of 99 strength. I got
to finish range and maybe magic.
So, range the important one.
server to Ray Lib as we speak. Rick and
Willie showing that's cool.
That's very cool
and that'll be a really really awesome
end.
You got to make sure that the rendering
is separate obviously, right? Like the
server itself you should be able to get
uh the metric that you care about is
going to be like player ticks per
second. So let's say that you put one
let's say that you put 10 24 players per
server. That's a reasonable number. Um,
so how many like server ticks times
number of players can you get per second
per core?
I see
we have Nance.
overhead almost no training impact.
Cool.
Player models seem hard to get right.
Yeah,
you can probably just like get you can
probably just look at the runlight
source. No,
because for the graphics all that stuff
is like open source with actually good
code with Runelight, right? A lot of the
server code um from private servers just
cobbled together crap from people
guessing.
I've been enjoying the game in my off
time.
They literally moved the GE to the east
of Ahart Castle.
That's funny.
What? Just so it would be closer to um
new player spawn.
Wait. Verac Castle.
Oh, why would you do that? That's weird.
Like where the lumber yard is.
Huh?
I think honestly like using the GE is
going to be one of the hardest things to
learn.
Like trade in general is probably the
hardest thing to learn. Tabularasa.
It's weird. PvP specific. Yeah,
a lot of them are do that.
Oops.
It's not like this.
Sweeping 2048.
Selecting
sweep up to 500 mil.
Billions sweep because it's slow. Yeah,
we have defaults for this vault in 40
and there's also we've made fixes to
2048. We have 2048 act. Let me let me
fix this bug and I'll show you the
latest sweep for it. It's pretty cool.
like as a general question. Hang on.
Hang on one sec.
I don't want to overput the hypers but
learn well early but would be trash for
a proper run. Yeah, you want to have the
sweeps include the full run for anything
that's not like massive massive. 2048 is
not considered massive massive. You can
kind of just sweep the whole thing.
Neural MMO are still figuring that out.
Like things that are that hard
you have all you have to kind of sweep
the whole thing is the problem with it
because of um the way that learning rate
schedules work. It's actually kind of
tough to get a run that you can just
like set for way longer and just does
better.
Interesting
hard traditionally. Yeah, it's quite
hard.
Okay, a loss has to get cut.
So, you lose
you lose losses,
but you don't lose everything else.
Call it that fancy sake. These things
sound fancy.
Um,
it's not just the probability. The
policy is the thing that maps the
observations and possibly the state to
the actions.
It's not like just action props. Action
props is the output of the policy or the
output of the sampling. Like
I mean the policy is the model is what
it is. It's the neural net.
You could just call it agent, but like
in practice, we typically have the agent
be the full thing.
Like, you know, sometimes the agent can
have additional stuff in it. We could
just call it agent.
We might even just do that to be honest.
Mountains are pits and all my buildings
are underground.
Something with the Y and Z axis? I don't
know.
Coordinate systems are hard.
Oh,
hang on. I do understand what's
happening. That's weird.
Higher ground is more negative.
That sounds weird.
I'm curious how you're getting the map
loaded and everything. I'd imagine that
the map render is kind of non-trivial.
Chief Puffing Officer. Hello Ten.
Ted M. H. Hello. Welcome.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. This is annoying the way that it's
flattened, isn't it?
Why is it like this actually? I have no
idea.
That's so weird.
lighting modeling colors.
All right, I'll put in C loader H.
Interesting.
It'll be really, really cool when you
have that all set up nicely.
I don't understand how this is not the
same length.
It's just the losses, right?
All the losses are missing this one
data.
Is it this
10?
Ooh, hang on. Wait, no, it's not this.
And how? Wait, why are there an extra
five things?
Oh, one of them is missing losses. I
see.
I see.
See if we can get this into the model
here.
Good.
There we go.
Installation.
All right. Here's 2048.
Best is 13K score. This is postfix for
the environment.
You can do sort by hidden size. Really
nice
I'm going to go grab some tea and then
we got another hour and a half or so of
dev before I got to do some plant work.
I'll be back.
Let's see what we can get done now.
Still a few things I need to do.
Cool.
1.9 mil 2 mil SPS.
Let's not do 107 mil steps.
Do like this maybe.
How long would that take?
Four minutes.
Nice.
All right.
Now
tiny box. I've got two tiny boxes.
Vault, have you not seen the cluster?
You will see this in the uh the
background once I am back here in a
couple of weeks. But my the spot that I
work out of most of the year
Welcome to the puffer lab.
Where is it?
Two tiny boxes in the background, like
eight or nine desktops, and a whole
bunch of gym equipment.
That'll work on the IRL 999 strength.
You know,
Uh, space is expensive in the US. If
you're in a city as well,
I guarantee you can find cheap space in
the middle of nowhere in Europe.
That's considered pretty big.
Got to get you to the USA.
Okay,
now
watch this
sweep.
Where is the freaking process? I hate
Python so much.
There it is. Yeah. So, we're good.
We got RAM.
Cool.
We'll let this go for a little bit
and we'll make some nice other changes
to constellation.
Okay. Um,
let me think what we want to do here.
Let's at least go see what this past
I do like this.
This past n
loss
UDL.
All right. This just literally pays
everything, which is not terrible.
Anal LR is set to one,
so that's fixed.
I think these two params can get
dropped.
Yeah,
it'll be better.
Well,
I'm trying to think what I want to have
done done for constellation.
Maybe we'd look at some training stuff
then.
That'd be better.
Let me see how much there is to get
into.
I mean, the main main thing I think
that's stopping us from release is this
file being a mess.
How can we get the agents to learn to
predict and model behavior of other
agents? They just do that on their own.
Brad, given the right end,
for instance, that was um very very
clearly done in Dota. They didn't do
anything special for that. It just
happens.
lots of little things I can actually
clean up in here.
huh?
Okay, so this will go get this gets
moved.
Yeah. A lot of the time scientists will
make a mis the mistake that they want to
like just go immediately start on their
fancy algorithm but like a lot of the
time you just don't need one and it just
happens like it just falls out of the
learning process you
Okay, this section I cleaned up
manually.
Quite a difference
except this right here.
Yeah, but this is all viby work. Let's
leave this for later. I think the best
thing is for me to just do constellation
cuz I'm looking at it and it's like
that's all just going to be clawed
[ __ ] work.
Um, all right. Let's try
if this stops throwing this off the
screen for us.
How can we get Wait, hang on. Cool
projects or algorithms cool to learn
today. I'm working on constellation
here. Uh we have a bunch of cool other
stuff running at the moment. Oh, look,
look. This is perfect here, right? So if
it goes off the screen,
does it put it up? Yeah. Look. Nice.
Right.
So if I go off the screen, it'll put it
up here.
Uh but it needs to draw the dot.
Okay.
All right, that's the one UI thing that
was really screwing with me.
And now we can do like this.
That still highlights nicely,
you know.
I think this is good, right?
Okay, that was the one thing that was
really annoying me about um
constellation.
So, let's do that.
Okay.
Uh, next thing.
What else? Constellation missing at this
point.
It's pretty solid. Honestly, I think
there's some bug fixes to do on this,
but like
this is pretty much everything we
wanted.
How are our um
experiments going
It looks like nothing has gotten any
square so far.
It's a good number of experiments
though.
h we don't have to look at them now. We
can kind of just let this run.
Muan, there are five different magic
numbers looking at NS coefficients. How
were those arrived at vault? No idea. I
imagine those were probably like I don't
know if it's like Taylor expansion or
whatever. It's they're precomputed
numbers and they're taken from the
original color implementation.
I'm sure it's like some precomputed
series.
They were not changed from the Keller
implementation.
MLX and they use one constant set.
Likely it would just take longer to
converge. Where the hell did they get
their implementation from?
Ours matches I believe Kellers and Heavy
Balls.
So, that's a great question. Do Apple
engineers know how to write code? I have
no idea.
the no better type engineers. That's
Google.
That's 100% Google. I've seen so many
Google bros be like, "Oh yeah, you just
don't know how we do the thing at
Google." And then they'll produce like
the absolute worst dog [ __ ] imaginable
Um,
well, I mean the like Vault's been doing
well with MLX cuz when people run the
torch MLX out of the box, it's like dog
[ __ ]
And even with 3.3 mil, like we'll
eventually we'll time it versus a 4090
or whatever cuz they charge or even a
5070, right? cuz like their base laptops
now are like two grand for reasonable
spec laptop and I can get uh this
desktop next to me costs that much with
a 570
Oh, I didn't even know that this new
game was a Voxil World, but like of
course it is. It's notch.
Oh, wow. Look at that.
the M chips or new hardware.
I don't know.
I don't use their laptops. Um
I haven't seen Hey Vault, how is Metal
compared to CUDA?
the style or monograph style to
evaluate. I mean, I like um I write
articles once in a while, Garcia. My
articles tab is frankly probably the
best learning resource you'll find out
there for RL. Um but I don't do it super
often.
Like
clear writing is not clear thinking.
Clear code is clear thinking.
Code is not fuzzy. If it doesn't work,
it doesn't work. It has very clear
boundaries.
Uh there's no like well the design spec
actually is wrong here there and there.
It's you know
CUD is 10 to 20x faster.
But how's the actual interface to it?
Vault because I for the most part I
really like CUDA. Um there are a couple
things I don't like. You know I wish it
were CUDA C not CUDA C++.
Um,
I don't like the way that
uh the way that you have the launch
function syntax in CUDA itself basically
means that you either have to do
everything in CUDA or you have to add a
layer of wrappers to everything. Like I
don't know why they couldn't have just
had that launch from CC code. That's a
little weird. But mostly I really like
CUDA.
Okay,
next thing.
Yeah, I wonder if this is going to be
funny.
Okay, already this many experiments.
Make sure we didn't break
Oh, we didn't break. We're getting
experiments. Nice.
What else does constellation need?
We can go figure out our filter ops real
quick, I guess.
How do you suggest practicing or getting
really good at programming? Well, if
you're not doing lowlevel, like do some
lowlevel
for sure. If you go look at I think the
last stream I did where I reviewed
Timbro's um what was it? Tim's
uh so environment. That's a really good
resource right there.
Like I did a segment on that. I think
that'll show you a lot of how I think
about writing stuff nicely.
He's been refactoring it and posting
updates in the Discord. He's learning a
ton from that review.
Okay. Uh let's just like take a quick
look at constellation.
This rail bug where it like grabs a
capture of my other monitor for one
frame is really annoying.
It just like shows OBS and the pure I
have on this side.
It's a little annoying.
It's probably some low-level graphics
jank bug. It's probably not Rayb.
It's probably whatever the internals
are.
Okay. Filter. Um, let's do a max perf of
08. Does this work? No, this does not
get applied. We can see.
Hey guys, what do you think about the
controls for um constellation here? So
the way I have it now, which is
completely unintuitive, I will admit. So
this top bar here, this control, and I
got to fix this. I didn't I just saw
that. Um, this top bar controls this
plot. So you can do like just 2048, you
know, we can do uptime versus we can do
this linear, you know, we can do versus
whatever score. Score is the same
metric. So we'll do versus this, right?
And you get these curves.
Um
we can do over here we have the same set
of controls we can do breakout we can do
uh let's do agent steps versus
gamma
learning rate whatever the one that's
really useful is if you do like gamma
versus perf for instance or like j
versus
do logit space stuff like this you
But then I have at the bottom this one
here.
This is supposed to be a filter. So this
just gives you two filter options. So
you can set select two different
variables
uh to filter and then the filter gets
applied to the bottom plot.
Like I'm thinking why don't we
well first of all I think definitely we
apply the filter to both plots right
do we need two different filters There
is
What if I just made it one set of
controls? Is that better?
So, like we just strip out we strip out
the right pane of controls entirely
and we just have this left pane of
controls.
Oh, and then actually I could put it all
in one bar.
trying to think if there's anything else
I usually do in wand that I can't do
here.
I guess it would be nice to be able to
maximize one of the plots.
That's a little harder.
Okay, I'm going to start on this for a
couple minutes. I'm going to take a
short little break and I'm going to come
back for another like 20 30 minutes and
finish this.
El.
gems and everything from scratch.
4K lines gems.
Yeah, but is it like
is it C?
What is it? Vault.
Does it look like Kudo?
Okay,
hang on.
doesn't have dynamic dispatch virtual
functions. I'd actually rather it just
be C.
I don't know if you've seen Arcuda
lately. It's pretty much just C.
Well, though you can just write, can you
not just write C in it? That's the one
saving grace of um C++ is that you can
[ __ ] ignore it, right?
And just write C
You're stuck in their world. Oh, so it's
like lovely, right?
We know better. You will like your C++
14 garbage.
Oh, dude. Did I just not pay attention
at all while I was doing that?
We're good, right?
We'll see if we like this. I think it'll
be easier.
So, the nice thing with this is we get
to delete a bunch of crap code.
The entire figure 2 UI actually just
gets nuked.
It's cool.
tool tip stays
3 UI.
The 3 UI gets drawn up here.
Um,
Format string contains
the heck?
Okay,
I'm going to go take uh a few minutes
real quick.
Was it? It's 30. Yeah, I'll try to be
quick though. I got to do a couple quick
things and um then I will be back for a
little bit. We'll finish the UI and then
I got to do some client work. Right
back. Oh yeah, if you haven't already,
start the puffer on GitHub. It helps me
out a lot. It's free.
Okay, let's finish UI and then I got
other stuff to do. Yeah,
and finish UI and then I'm off stream
for a bit.
Uh, one second.
Okay,
cool.
How did you get involved in this? This
is my project, man.
I built Puffer Lib and uh I stream all
the dev for it.
Oops. There we go.
Currently, we're going through the
dashboard, fixing some stuff up,
doing some dev for the next release.
Pretty easy stuff at the moment.
Turns out when you have so many RL
experiments, um,
you kind of break all the existing slow
monitor tools.
They're not meant for that many
experiments.
Big
one.
Let me see. So, this should be fig
x label
plain old Abuntu. The experiments are
running on um a few different remote
servers. I'm just running a buntu
server.
Okay, apparently I forgot to delete this
stuff. We're simplifying the UI for this
right now.
Pick three
10 to 15. Yep, Spencer,
we are good to go with that. I'm just
finishing up one last thing for
constellation.
We're going to do one one top bar UI
that just applies to all the plots.
It'll be way easier and like way
simpler.
I think people like it more.
How hard was it to get into MIT?
Um, not difficult because I'd worked
with my adviser for like six months
prior and I'd basically been doing
full-time research for the past five
years.
Undergrad on the other hand was very
difficult.
I think the main filter for people is
earlier than grad school frankly.
Where's log?
Oh, X scale.
Where is it?
scale
X log.
What am I doing in a simple way? Um,
well, the thing I'm currently doing at
this very moment is I have this
dashboard.
This is for tracking a whole bunch of uh
ML experiments, specifically
reinforcement learning experiments.
And I'm just cleaning up the UI of this
thing because this is part of the next
release of our software. I I've decided,
I think, that we're going to just do one
top bar on this. And uh that's what I'm
doing at the moment. I also have a whole
bunch of experiments running in the
background. Every single point here is
an experiment.
So, it's a combination of at the moment
like cleaning up experiments and
visualizations and then when I run out
of stuff to do on that and I'm waiting
for experiments, I um am improving other
things for our next release. More
generally, we do high performance
reinforcement learning, which means that
we train small neural networks um on
very fast simulations.
It's kind of a different thing from a
lot of what you see in AI because the
models are very small. You can train
them at home if your code is fast and
well optimized and uh they train on a
ridiculous amount of data.
We can get over a pabyte of training
data at home.
It's quite cool.
There we are.
This work.
Why is it so slow?
Well, I'm compiling it in slow mode to
be fair.
Okay, good. Now, this part of the UI is
gone. Uh, let's fix
and then we'll figure out what's up with
this axis.
It's supposed to be
Zaxis
toggle width, right?
still takes a while to load.
Yeah, this is open source. Um, it's in
like the latest dev branch of Puffer
Lib. The whole project's open source.
All the RL, all our stuff's open source.
Um, please start the repo. It's free. It
helps us out a lot.
We currently have the fastest growing
reinforcement learning library and the
fastest overall code by a very large
factor.
It's fun because like you know a lot of
the research just looks like training uh
training models to play simple games and
stuff but then lo and behold the exact
same stuff works in a lot of different
industries. We just like games for
research because they're really easy to
interpret what's going on.
Okay. So now this thing is correct. So
now we got to move this all over.
So let's do that.
That means we can now move this down.
Right.
So now I can just call this UI
And Now, this is going to have to be uh
we're going to have to move this quite a
bit
Okay, so this is going to be a little
awkward, I believe. Do we drop down
filter? So it's 5 * drop down width
time drop down width plus 4 * width
six times.
Oh, wait. Is the filter
How wide is the filter
toggle?
Okay.
So now it's going to be
7 * drop down width plus four * toggle
width I believe. Still zero.
Cleanest code that was not written by
you. Uh original drone end Jess.
That's the cleanest NPR I've received.
Okay, perfect. So now now we can play
with the widths of all these settings,
but this fits nice and clean, right?
We can space these. We can clean this
up. This is pretty much what we want
though. And if I do like breakout, it
changes both of these.
Yeah. And now these ones apply only to
the bottom at the moment.
2.8.
I don't know why this this window here
is a little weird.
Um,
I think that this is good for now.
Let's just add this so I don't lose
this. Oops.
Oh. Uh, I messed up in bindings, didn't
I?
Yeah, I definitely screwed this thing
up, right? Let's just go check the
latest commit.
Yeah. Okay, I messed this one up. Let's
go relaunch these experiments. I'm glad
I caught that.
Nothing is scored.
Okay.
We'll see whether it gets
uh whether this gets anything better.
Just going to leave this sweeping. Pong
we don't need to mess with because pong
won't run for two billion steps. It's an
overflow issue.
Okay. Okay.
Did I pull?
I did pull right
before I rebuilt.
Yes, I did.
Cool.
Okay. So, um I got some client work to
go do. So, I'm going to go do that. Um
what's today? Saturday. Probably be
streaming Monday. Definitely Tuesday for
a good chunk of the day. Um for anybody
who's new around here, I stream pretty
much all the dev on this project.
We are currently pushing for our 40
release which is a lot of really cool
tech that makes RL go stupid fast like
15 mill steps per second training fast
on one GPU. That sounds interesting.
Puffer.ai star the GitHub helps us out a
lot. You can join Discord to get
involved. You can follow me on X at this
is an old link. I got the new handle now
Juarez. You can follow me here for more.
Thank you everyone